Restructuring ROS 2 Gem docs (#2266)
o3de/o3de.org: content/docs/user-guide/interactivity/robotics/_index.md

> ---
> linkTitle: Robotics
> title: Robotics
> description: Gems for Robotics in O3DE
> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
---
linkTitle: Robotics
title: Robotics
description: Learn how to create robotics simulations in Open 3D Engine (O3DE) with ROS 2.
---
```
